Disney fans what's happening I'm its
antona and today we are taking a look at
big hero 6 armor up baymax so this thing
is rather large Oh see I can give you a
little scale here there's my giant big
paw I got a big hand know so that really
doesn't give you scale let's get it how
about this i'll give you a little deluxe
class transformer there in there so so
kill like a six inch action figure this
thing is rather rather huge and it looks
really cool and I'm really anxious to
get this thing out of here so it's got
two looks looks like you can just do the
I guess the normal-looking baymax
without armor and then it's got with
armor so we've got you can just armor
them up and it looks really nice I think
this is magnetic it's going to be fun
let's open it up let's have some fun
let's get all the pieces out and start
putting this thing together armor off
mode all of the pieces of the individual
armor that you get to assemble how fun
is this and it does come with an
unarmored version that you completely
armor up in this little unarmored
version is really cool he's really
really neat and I'll show you the
gimmick with him and all that too but
it's just at this figure in itself is a
nice heavy figure he's about eight
inches tall too and he's got some pose
ability so I'll run this down and then
we'll have a little well have a little
build and we'll get them all armored
let's run the pose bility down on him
he's got some spinning here this is a
nice ball swivel there that he can open
up his hands like that it looks like
there is something here like this could
spin independently to or bend or
something but that doesn't that doesn't
happen actually uh-huh so that's it
there you've got of this going on so
whatever no no ball swivel there the
feet are kind of tough to get him to
stand up with he can do it but it is a
little bit tougher oh but that's that's
it that's really cool if you like Alan
armored which I absolutely did this is a
great figure to pick up because he just
looks awesome and then you can have all
of his armor sitting around next to him
so before I throw a little music
together and maybe just do a build video
with a montage
there's a couple things to do before you
do that to kind of prep him for for
armor up mode and you pull his arms out
like this and then this thing is like an
eggshell and it splits right up the
middle here you can see these two pieces
are spring-loaded which one do you want
to grab that and completely spin it
around both sides it now makes all of
his chubbiness more so heroic looking
the bigger part is up there and he's got
a tapered waist as opposed to a nun
tapered a pear-shaped waist I think you
can pull the legs out just a little bit
too maybe not that's not really going
much farther than where it is but now
he's ready to accept some of the cool
upgrades
various folks armored up baymax look at
that man this thing is cool and I like
me some big robot looking toys and this
guy is a big robot looking toy so he is
absolutely just doing it for me I don't
think I have all this armor quite
squeezed on tight enough but it will
squeeze on pretty tight oh very nice
though very very bulky lots of stuff
going on it's cool because the actual
bear figure is underneath it so I do
like that this is all armor armored up
in an armored shell now you just have
some pose ability in this mode you have
to kind of be careful because what I
find quite annoying actually is that you
have to shell pieces that are supposed
to stick together here they kind of
enclose his arm up so you can move it
around and stuff too but the little
fists the way that hooks in its
naturally wanting to spread that and
then in turn split what you're actually
holding on by so kind of a horrible
design i would say i'd say that's kind
of a not not good of a design oh but
it's cool anyway i mean they they gave
me something that you can put together
and you got you're gonna get some fun
out of it creating and making and
building them up limited pose ability
here and now that we have all the armor
bits on this guy but he can still move
his arms around just a wee bit of course
you can spin his head and of course the
wings can fold up to so these can kind
of be spun back down into that position
if you don't like it up so overall this
is a very cool toy I you like it I think
this is kind of a bad design but other
than that I think if you're a baymax and
you absolutely should get this week
because this is like the ultimate the
ultimate figure for it so take care guys
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
this review i have got other channels in
the mission Antone network so if you're
a fan of this check out some of my
transformer stuff too or I don't know
check out some of my drive through toys
you might enjoy those two so subscribe I
would be appreciative take care and I'll
see you guys later